Shorten `generation_time_opts()` to `gt_opts()` as alias (#698)
epiforecasts/EpiNow2: NEWS.md

- `epinow()` now returns the "timing" output in a "time difference"" format that is easier to understand and work with. By @jamesmbaazam in #688 and reviewed by @sbfnk.

## Documentation

> - `generation_time_opts()` has been shortened to `gt_opts()` to make it easier to specify. Calls to both functions are equivalent. By @jamesmbaazam in # and reviewed by @<REVIEWER>.

Author: ```suggestion
- `generation_time_opts()` has been shortened to `gt_opts()` to make it easier to specify. Calls to both functions are equivalent. By @jamesmbaazam in #698 and reviewed by @<REVIEWER>.
```

> - `generation_time_opts()` has been shortened to `gt_opts()` to make it easier to specify. Calls to both functions are equivalent. By @jamesmbaazam in #698 and reviewed by @<REVIEWER>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `generation_time_opts()` has been shortened to `gt_opts()` to make it easier to specify. Calls to both functions are equivalent. By @jamesmbaazam in #698 and reviewed by @seabbs and @sbfnk .
```
